Created contributing.md file (#37)
collab-community/coding-youtubers: README.md

This repo is created, for the community to find Coding Youtubers, which will really help beginners start their coding journey.

> You can add a YouTuber that helped you begin coding in the below list by following our contribution guide [here](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add a YouTuber that helped you begin coding in the below list by following our CONTRIBUTING GUIDELINES [here](CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
